And THAT is how we built Schema Registry & Avro from scratch to production-ready.
And in Java, it looks like this.
Here's a AvroProducerExample class in java that handles data serialization And in Java, it looks like this.
Here's a AvroProducerExample class in java that handles data serialization.
The AvroProducerExample method is where the action happens.
First, we import the io.confluent.kafka.serializers.KafkaAvroSerializer module.
Now we define our AvroProducerExample class — this encapsulates all the complexity in one clean interface.
Here we execute + "]}".
At this point, we insert the key-value pair into our map.
This is where we insert the key-value pair into our map.
we execute }).